The safety car is coming in at the end of this lap. We're going to have one lap of racing to decide the championship.
Hamilton has the advantage. Verstappen has the faster, fresher tires.
And we have got 3.2 miles of racing action all the way to the checkered flag as the crowd roar the drivers on to the final lap of this race. And Verstappen sets after Hamilton.
Is it going to be a first world championship for Verstappen? Is it going to be an eighth world championship for Lewis Hamilton?
Where can Verstappen try and get past Hamilton? First overtaking zone is normally down in the turn five.
Is Verstappen far enough back? He's going to make the lunge down the inside. Hamilton sees it coming. It's a late lunge by Verstappen who takes the lead in the race.
Verstappen now snatches the championship trophy from Lewis Hamilton who's trying to fight back.
No DRS for two laps. So Lewis Hamilton will not get the rear wing open.
Now he's going to go down the outside... if he keeps it tight and neat. But he hasn't. He's gone a little bit wide.
No Mikey. No. No Mikey. That was so not right.
Here comes Lewis Hamilton though down the back straight. He's got a slipstream.
He almost touches Verstappen. They almost make contact into turn nine.
Verstappen stays ahead of Lewis Hamilton.
Of all the drama, of all the controversy, of all the magic moments in Formula 1 in 2021, it comes down to this.
And at this moment, it looks like it's going to go the way of Max Verstappen.
Mercedes not happy. Red Bull will be delighted.
They have shared a brilliant championship battle, but the championship can only be won by one.
And it's going Dutch in 2021. Max Verstappen, for the first time ever, is champion of the world.